Hope
Smiles from the threshold of the year to come,
Whispering 'it will be happier
For last year's words belong to last year's language
And next year's words await another voice
I hope that in this year to come, you make mistakes.

Because if you are making mistakes, then you are making new things, trying new things, learning, living, pushing yourself, changing yourself, changing your world. You're doing things you've never done before, and more importantly, you're Doing Something.

So that's my wish for you, and all of us, and my wish for myself. Make New Mistakes. Make glorious, amazing mistakes. Make mistakes nobody's ever made before. Don't freeze, don't stop, don't worry that it isn't good enough, or it isn't perfect, whatever it is: art, or love, or work or family or life.

Whatever it is you're scared of doing, Do it.

Make your mistakes, next year and forever
Tomorrow, is the first blank page of a 365 page book. Write a good one.
For last year's words belong to last year's language
And next year's words await another voice.
And to make an end is to make a beginning.
May Light always surround you;
Hope kindle and rebound you.
May your Hurts turn to Healing;
Your Heart embrace Feeling.
May Wounds become Wisdom;
Every Kindness a Prism.
May Laughter infect you;
Your Passion resurrect you.
May Goodness inspire
your Deepest Desires.
Through all that you Reach For,
May your arms Never Tire
Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better man
As long as I am breathing, in my eyes, I am just beginning
A bridge of silver wings stretches from the dead ashes of an unforgiving nightmare
to the jeweled vision of a life started anewll open the book. Its pages are blank. We are going to put words on them ourselves. The book is called Opportunity and its first chapter is New Year's Day
Make New Year's goals. Dig within, and discover what you would like to have happen in your life this year. This helps you do your part. It is an affirmation that you're interested in fully living life in the year to come.

Goals give us direction. They put a powerful force into play on a universal, conscious, and subconscious level. Goals give our life direction.

What would you like to have happen in your life this year? What would you like to do, to accomplish? What good would you like to attract into your life? What particular areas of growth would you like to have happen to you? What blocks, or character defects, would you like to have removed?

What would you like to attain? Little things and big things? Where would you like to go? What would you like to have happen in friendship and love? What would you like to have happen in your family life?

What problems would you like to see solved? What decisions would you like to make? What would you like to happen in your career?

Write it down. Take a piece of paper, a few hours of your time, and write it all down - as an affirmation of you, your life, and your ability to choose. Then let it go.

The new year stands before us, like a chapter in a book, waiting to be written. We can help write that story by setting goals
May the New Year bring you courage to break your resolutions early! My own plan is to swear off every kind of virtue, so that I triumph even when I fall
The object of a New Year is not that we should have a new year. It is that we should have a new soul and a new nose; new feet, a new backbone, new ears, and new eyes. Unless a particular man made New Year resolutions, he would make no resolutions. Unless a man starts afresh about things, he will certainly do nothing effective
We spend January 1st walking through our lives, room by room, drawing up a list of work to be done, cracks to be patched. Maybe this year, to balance the list, we ought to walk through the rooms of our lives...not looking for flaws, but for potential
And now let us believe in a long year that is given to us, new, untouched, full of things that have never been, full of work that has never been done, full of tasks, claims, and demands; and let us see that we learn to take it without letting fall too much of what it has to bestow upon those who demand of it necessary, serious, and great things
Each age has deemed the new-born year the fittest time for festal cheer
Each New Year, we have before us a brand new book containing 365 blank pages. Let us fill them with all the forgotten things from last year—the words we forgot to say, the love we forgot to show, and the charity we forgot to offer.
In the New Year, never forget to thank to your past years because they enabled you to reach today! Without the stairs of the past, you cannot arrive at the future
This is the new year the new you. You can pass through another year, coasting on cruise control. Or you can step out of your comfort zone, trying things you have never done before, & make 2012 as the year that you elevate from where you are & soar high. Make it happen
Past and Present I know well; each is a friend and sometimes an enemy to me. But it is the quiet, beckoning Future, an absolute stranger, with whom I have fallen madly in love
The object of a New Year is not that we should have a new year. It is that we should have a new soul and a new nose; new feet, a new backbone, new ears, and new eyes.
The great miraculous bell of translucent ice is suspended in mid-air.

It rings to announce endings and beginnings. And it rings because there is fresh promise and wonder in the skies.

Its clear tones resound in the placid silence of the winter day, and echo long into the silver-blue serenity of night.

The bell can only be seen at the turning of the year, when the days wind down into nothing, and get ready to march out again.

When you hear the bell, you feel a tug at your heart.

It is your immortal inspiration.
Quella vita ch'è una cosa bella, non è la vita che si conosce, ma quella che non si conosce; non la vita passata, ma la futura. Coll'anno nuovo, il caso incomincerà a trattar bene voi e me e tutti gli altri, e si principierà la vita felice. Non è vero
Many things are thrown our way in this game of life. It's how you deal with them that shows your true character. I want all of you to feel the hope, love & passion I feel for the upcoming year & the rest of my life. I want ALL of you to not only go for your dreams, but have a damn ass good time doing it! Love & Warmth, May
Any new beginning is forged from the shards of the past, not from the abandonment of the past
As the old year retires and a new one is born, we commit into the hands of our Creator the happenings of the past year and ask for direction and guidance in the new one. May He grant us His grace, His tranquility and His wisdom
What do you need in the New Year? You need a dream; your dream needs an action; and your action needs right thinking! Without right thinking, you can have only unrealised dreams
Have told so many friends "Don't worry, New Year will be better!". I love misguiding people
I am not sure how, but I have a strong feeling that 2021 is going to bring some big transitions in your life & your world for sure. You will finally be able to create everything you’ve ever wanted for yourself & your world.

Believe you me, in this year, you’ll find yourself being presented with lot of opportunities to make your dreams a reality, of achieving the success you know could be yours. Let moving towards your highest good be your top most resolve for this year.

All I wish to ask you to begin to embrace each day individually & discover the potential that it holds. Remember, each day you have the opportunity to be happy, make a difference & live life to the fullest. Let you choose some of those things to do & say that makes each day count, bring happiness, fulfilment, success for you & sunshine for your world.

I pray God to move you a mile for every inch of your movement in 2021.
I don’t know what you’re looking for in your life right now, but I hope you find it in this New Year. I sincerely hope you find everything better than you could hope for.

Let this new year bring you the belief that you deserve a lot more of everything you desire & that you are capable, strong & worthy of creating the kind of life you deserve & want.

Let in this new year, you find yourself among others. Let you be able to figure out your heart & your mind. Figure out what really moves you, what encourages your soul & what you deeply crave from your life.

I know for sure that you have a Spark of Brilliance waiting to be set free & become a river of light that changes the world around you.

I pray God to help you find someone who quickly becomes your favourite thing — someone who makes your world absolutely beautiful, someone you choose every single day. I wish you find someone who shows you just how deeply you can feel, just how deeply you can love.

In this New Year, I hope you find the kind of love that makes you want to be a better man or woman, the kind of love that believes in you & supports you, that stands by your side, no matter what
I wish you soon find the kind of life & world that exists on your own terms.

I mean, let you begin to believe & love the process of becoming who you deserve to be, while enjoying all the messiness & the confusions of your present life.

Last but not the least, I want this New Year to bring you an extra share of all that makes you happy, healthy, fulfilled, successful & greatest version of yourself! Good Luck
New year gives us an opportunity and power to begin the magical first day of the rest of our lives
Today marks the end of the last chapter of the year. With the start of the first chapter of the New Year’s book, let's put the old book on the shelf or even in the lower drawer, and let's pick up the new one, carry crayons in our hands, and start writing a new colorful story
2021 is a New Year a chance to catch up on what may have slipped through our hands. A time to achieve what we have next on our list. Go and make your reality, go and make 2021 great
The old year is gone. The New Year has come
You're waiting for something magical to happen in the New Year so that your dreams will come true! But the greatest and the most real magic is working and striving hard to achieve the goal
All I ask the new year for
is to fall silently into the spaces
that the last one left empty.
Filling them with a hope
that tells me gently at dawn
that my simple love
can cure even the most extraordinary heart
and that my broken past
is enough for each tomorrow that follows.
Maybe it will even remind me
that all the mistakes I will collect over the next year
are not as bad as the chances I missed in the last one
My prayer is for everyone to survive second wave of COVID 19 and for everyone to make it to next year. Also God protect us on the road during this festive season, and make peace in our homes, unite our families, since we are on lockdown
We are as a people facing a universal adversary distributing death and disability normally encountered in a time of global war. We live in a time when there is doubt that we shall never again meet with those we love and cherish. Over 300,000 of our fellow countrymen have perished thus far at the insistence of this pathogen with a growth expected to expand into the New Year. Confronted with these circumstances lest us resolve this coming year to renew our relationships to our God, our families, friends, and neighbors. May we find the common ground that binds us as a nation and heal the wounds of division and the knowledge that all begins with each of us
Oh, my friends, the first wish I have for the new year is to change the worn-out greeting: 'happy new year'. There is no happiness, only fleeting moments of joy. There is nothing new under the sun, only new ways of looking at the same eternal challenges and unresolved questions. There is no point in wishing for a perfect health in a profoundly sick world – the view is much clearer and more interesting when living on the edge. And so, I wish you all endurance as we go through another difficult year. I wish you courage to snatch a few more days (or moments) of joy as another year slips through the fingers of Time. I wish you much strength to maintain your equilibrium as we face new earthquakes of uncertainty in the coming year. Most of all, I wish we never give up on the possibility of doing things otherwise. And, of course, I wish you much love